doc: Updates `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource & data source documentation, examples, and migration guide for ISS changes (#2470)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/guides/advanced-cluster-new-sharding-schema.md

  }
}
```

> -> **NOTE:** For any cluster leveraging the new schema and supporting independent shards, users should also update corresponding `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource & data sources. This involves updating any existing Terraform configurations of the resource to use `copy_settings.#.zone_id` instead of `copy_settings.#.replication_spec_id`. To learn more, review the [1.18.0 Migration Guide](1.18.0-upgrade-guide.md#transition-cloud-backup-schedules-for-clusters-to-use-zones).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** For any cluster leveraging the new schema and defining independently scaled shards, users should also update corresponding `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource & data sources. This involves updating any existing Terraform configurations of the resource to use `copy_settings.#.zone_id` instead of `copy_settings.#.replication_spec_id`. This is needed as `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource and data source will no longer have `replication_specs.#.id` present when shards are scaled independently. To learn more, review the [1.18.0 Migration Guide](1.18.0-upgrade-guide.md#transition-cloud-backup-schedules-for-clusters-to-use-zones).
```
Making explicit why the change from replication_spec_id to zone_id is needed, let me know if you agree.

Author: makes sense
